How to create feedbacks docs (#784)
lambdaclass/curse_of_myrra: docs/src/how_to_add_feedbacks.md

# How to create a new feedback for State Effects
☝️🤓 Assuming we already have the feedback implemented in the backend

1. First, create the new Feedback prefab with the particle system you want, then add it to the `Client/Asssets/Feedbacks/States` folder.

2. In the `FeedbackContainer` prefab add the new prefab you just created to the list of prefabs.

> 3. Now you have to increase the new state to the `StateEffects` and use the value of PlayerEffect. It's better with an example, if we would like to add the Effect state `Freeze`:

Reviewer: what do you mean by "Now you have to increase the new state to the `StateEffects` and use the value of PlayerEffect"?  Now you have to add ...?

Author: My mistake!! I wanted to say :
3. Now you have to add the new state to the `StateEffects` enum and use the value of `PlayerEffect`.....

Thank u so much for notice it. I will change it.

``` 
    private enum StateEffects
    {
        Poisoned = PlayerEffect.Poisoned,
        Slowed = PlayerEffect.Slowed,
        Freeze = PlayerEffect.Freeze,
    }
```

> 4. And now you are ready to go! Test it and enjoy the new feedback.🤩

Reviewer: Not sure I followed everything correctly. If the backend sends a feedback "Poisoned" for example, all you have to do is

1. Create the new prefab asset
2. Add this prefab to the feedback container
3. Add a new line in the StateEffects enum with the name of this prefab and the name of the feedback from the backend. The names should match between backend and frontend right?

And thats it?

Author: I believe my explication is not totally clear. So i would add some images to improve it. So for now let me answer you question, the steps to follow are:

1. Create the prefab asset with the particle system you desire
2. Inside the `FeedbackContainer` prefab you have to add the new prefab as a child and then add it to the list in the script component.
<img width="503" alt="Captura de pantalla 2023-08-14 a la(s) 18 45 00" src="https://github.com/lambdaclass/curse_of_myrra/assets/62818001/b8cf96f3-05e7-4089-a5d3-3a73540fd356">

3.  In  the `Battle.cs` script there is a Enum called `StateEffects` which only constains the states effects from the backend (Because we dont want the others effects such as rage, disarm, etc), you have to add the effect you want to display and match it with the `PlayerEffect ` enum that comes fron th backend.

``` 
    private enum StateEffects
    {
        Poisoned = PlayerEffect.Poisoned,
        Slowed = PlayerEffect.Slowed,
        Freeze = PlayerEffect.Freeze, <----- New effect added, with the same value as the backend version
    }
``` 
We do this to reduce the searches iterations in `ManageFeedbacks` method which is in charge of activate the feedbacks.

I can improve this explanation in the docs. So thank you for your feedback it made me realize how much can this be improved!

# How to create a new feedback for State Effects
☝️🤓 Assuming we already have the feedback implemented in the backend

> 1. First, create the new Feedback prefab with the particle system you want, then add it to the `Client/Asssets/Feedbacks/States` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. First, create the new Feedback prefab with the particle system you want, then add it to the `Client/Assets/Feedbacks/States` folder.
```

3. Inside the `FeedbackContainer` prefab you have to add the new prefab as a child and then add it to the list in the script component.

![](./images/feedbacks_step2.png)

> 4. In the `Battle.cs` script there is a Enum called `StateEffects` which only constains the states effects from the backend (Because we dont want the others effects such as rage, disarm, etc), you have to add the effect you want to display and match it with the `PlayerEffect` enum that comes fron the backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In the `Battle.cs` script there is an Enum called `StateEffects` which only contains the states effects from the backend (Because we don't want the others effects such as rage, disarm, etc), you have to add the effect you want to display and match it with the `PlayerEffect` enum that comes from the backend.
```

``` 
    private enum StateEffects
    {
        Poisoned = PlayerEffect.Poisoned,
        Slowed = PlayerEffect.Slowed,
        Freeze = PlayerEffect.Freeze, // New effect added, with the same value as the backend version
    }
```

>  We store only these states to simplifly the search iterations in the `ManageFeedbacks` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 We store only these states to simplify the search iterations in the `ManageFeedbacks` method.
```

# How to create a new feedback for State Effects
☝️🤓 Assuming we already have the feedback implemented in the backend

1. Create the prefab asset with the particle system you desire
    

> 2. First, create the new Feedback prefab with the particle system you want, then add it to the `Client/Asssets/Feedbacks/States` folder.

Reviewer: aren't this two steps refering to the same?
